1) Machine Learning
3) Natural Language Processing
4) Telemedicine, Wearables, Mobile and Internet of Things (IoT)
5) Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality
6) Cybersecurity, Blockchain and Mobile Distributed Data
7) Graph Data and Big Data
8) Biometrics and Genomics
9) DevOps, Operationalization, Cloud
10) Robotic Process and Automation Maturity

Tensorflow, Tensorflow Lite
IBM Watson, MS Hanover, Google DeepMind, Intel Lumiata

AI/ML/NLP/IoT/AR/VR/

Into #deeplearning #machinelearning #IoT #Robotics #LoverOfLife 

Lover of life #artcollector & #scientist enjoying #oiloncanvas #sculpture #modernart #impressionism #fineart #machinelearning #IoT & #portraits

#oilcanvas #artgallery #artcollector #scientist

30 Most Influential Women Artists Alive Today
Annie Leibovitz. Photographer. Image Source. ...
Kathryn Bigelow. Film Director. Image Source. ...
Vivienne Westwood. Fashion Designer. Image Source. ...
Yayoi Kusama. Artist and Writer. Image Source. ...
Eunice Golden. Expressionist Painter. ...
Nan Goldin. Photographer. ...
Marina Abramovic. Performance Artist. ...
Cindy Sherman. Photographer and Film Director.

Top 10 Trending Technologies

Artificial Intelligence
Blockchain
Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality
Cloud Computing
Angular and React
DevOps
Internet of Things (IoT)
Intelligent Apps (I – Apps)
Big Data
RPA (Robotic Process Automation)


Change is the only constant. This applies in your professional life as well. Up-scaling yourself is a need nowadays, the reason is pretty simple, technology is evolving very quickly. I have listed top 10 trending technologies, which is expected to acquire a huge market in 2019.

So, let’s make a new year resolution to master any one of the below technologies:

Artificial Intelligence
Blockchain
Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality
Cloud Computing
Angular and React
DevOps
Internet of Things (IoT)
Intelligent Apps (I – Apps)
Big Data
RPA (Robotic Process Automation)
So, the countdown begins from here.

10) RPA (Robotic Process Automation):
RPA Training – Explore the Curriculum to Master RPA.

Generally, any desk job in any industry involves tasks that are repetitive in nature and can be automated.
RPA or Robotic Process Automation allows you to automate such routine and repetitive tasks. 
You don’t need to write any code to automate repetitive tasks.
In 2019, the trend of bots and machine learning is only going to skyrocket, which means RPA will become an invaluable skill to have.

Robotic Process Automation - Top 10 Trending Technologies - Edureka
9) Big Data:
Big Data and Hadoop Training – Explore the Curriculum to Master Big Data and Hadoop.

Big data refers to problems that are associated with processing and storing different types of data. Most of the companies today, rely on big data analytics to gain huge insight about their:

customer,
product research,
marketing initiatives and many more.
For your surprise, big data led Germany to win the world cup.

Hadoop and Spark are the two most famous frameworks for solving Big Data problems.

If you already have some knowledge of Big Data, splendid! If not, now is the time to start.

Big Data - Top 10 Trending Technologies - Edureka
8) Intelligent Apps (I – Apps):
I-Apps are pieces of software written for mobile devices based on artificial intelligence and machine learning technology, aimed at making everyday tasks easier.
This involves tasks like organizing and prioritizing emails, scheduling meetings, logging interactions, content, etc. Some familiar examples of I-Apps are Chatbots and virtual assistants.
As these applications become more popular, they will come with the promise of jobs and fat paychecks.

Intelligent Apps - Top 10 Trending Technologies - Edureka
7) Internet of Things (IoT):
Another buzzword that no longer remains a buzzword but has become a full-fledged technology ecosystem in itself.
IoT essentially is connecting many devices and creating a virtual network where everything works seamlessly via a single monitoring center of sorts.
IoT is a giant network of connected devices – all of which gather and share data about how they are used and the environments in which they are operated.
This includes everything from your:

mobile phones,
refrigerator,
washing machines to almost everything that you can think of.
With IoT, we can have smart cities with optimized:

traffic system,
efficient waste management and
energy use
So, start thinking of some new excuse for coming late to the office other than traffic.

IoT -Top 10 Trending Technologies - Edureka
6)  DevOps:
DevOps Training – Explore the Curriculum to Master DevOps tools.

This is the odd one out in the list. It is not a technology, but a methodology. 

DevOps is a methodology that ensures that both the development and operations go hand in hand. DevOps cycle is picturized as an infinite loop representing the integration of developers and operation teams by:

automating infrastructure,
workflows and
continuously measuring application performance.
trend Trending Courses in this category
DevOps Certification Training
5 (16250)
41k Learners Enrolled Live Class
Best Price
 359  399
Similar Courses
Kubernetes Certification TrainingAWS Certified DevOps Engineer Training Continuous Integration with Jenkins Certification Training
It is basically the process of continual improvement, so why not start with yourself.

DevOps - Top 10 Trending Technologies - Edureka
5) Angular and React:
Angular and React Training – Explore the Curriculum to Master Angular and React.

OK, now we are getting into core tech.

Angular and React are JavaScript based Frameworks for creating modern web applications. 
Using React and Angular one can create a highly modular web app. So, you don’t need to go through a lot of changes in your code base for adding a new feature.
Angular and React also allows you to create a native mobile application with the same JS, CSS & HTML knowledge.
Best part – Open source library with highly active community support.
Angular And React - Top 10 Trending Technologies - Edureka
4) Cloud Computing:
AWS Solution Architect Training – Explore the Curriculum to Master AWS.

This one is a veteran.
Most other technologies on this list are alive only because of the proliferation of cloud computing.
By allowing companies to save money, and users to simplify their computing needs, Cloud Computing is one of the most trending technologies that will stay popular in 2019, without a doubt.
Cloud Computing - Top 10 Trending Technologies - Edureka
3) Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality:
Virtual is real! VR and AR, the twin technologies that let you experience things in virtual, that are extremely close to real, are today being used by businesses of all sizes and shapes. But the underlying technology can be quite complex.
Medical students use AR technology to practice surgery in a controlled environment.
VR on the other hand, opens up newer avenues for gaming and interactive marketing.
Whatever your interest might be, AR and VR are must-have skills if you want to ride the virtual wave!

AR and VR - Top 10 Trending Technologies - Edureka
2) Blockchain:
Blockchain Training – Explore the Curriculum to Master Blockchain.

This is the tech that powers bitcoins, the whole new parallel currency that has taken over the world.
Interestingly, blockchain as a technology has far-reaching potential in everything from healthcare to elections to real estate to law enforcement.
Understand how blockchain works and your career is as sorted as the secure ledger this tech is based on!

Blockchain - Top 10 Trending Technologies - Edureka
1) Artificial Intelligence (AI):
Artificial Intelligence Training – Explore the Curriculum to Master AI and Deep Learning.

AI existed even before the internet was born, but it is now that the data processing and compute power backbone became strong enough to sustain an entire technology by itself.
AI is everywhere today, from your smartphones to your cars to your home to your banking establishment.
It is the new normal, something the world cannot do without.
Get your hands dirty with AI and have a crystal clear career ahead of you!

Artificial Intelligence - Top 10 Trending Technologies - EdurekaChoose one or choose all, either way have a happy career this 2019! 

About Author
Saurabh
Saurabh
Published on Jan 03,2019
Saurabh is a technology enthusiast working as a Research Analyst at Edureka. His areas of interest are - DevOps, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data and Data Science. Writing about new technologies is his favorite pastime.
